GPS
===

Calculates position based on the CDGPS algorithm

The goal was to implement the double-differenced CDGPS algorithm while calculating a precise estimate of double-differenced beat carrier phase ambiguities as integers for the determination of the position of various surveyed locations. This particular project is an excellent extension of the GPS surveying techniques taught in class that allows for learning a new method that is both challenging and intriguing: a real application of the coursework that goes beyond our current grasp of GPS. The project can be broken down into a few major pieces. Collecting the proper data, calculating the bias (real-value then integer-ambiguity), and then finally calculating the position of the static/dynamic data using the best possible bias value to show that the CDGPS technique reproduces the same locations as the pre-surveyed positions. To solve for all these pieces, we used MATLAB functions that implemented the equations. The functions ran in a script to complete the steps outlined above. A key point to note is that the GPS time of each sample chosen has to be the same for all receivers. Collecting data consisted of gathering the ephemerides and atmospheric data describing the satellites and observational data and L1 beat carrier phases for the receivers. Formatting the data to extract the proper satellites, times, and other important pieces of data like pseudoranges and beat carrier phases, we then used the information available to calculate values for various intermediary parts of the main functions and equations
